good morning this is dennie with
Michigan Equity Partners just want to
bring you over to a new acquisition at
one of our top investors just closed on
yesterday we are in the city of
Birmingham Michigan and I've probably
shown you this house a little bit from
the outside but today we're going to go
inside and I'm going to explain to you
exactly what this investor is going to
do with this house take you to the side
so two-story house right now three
bedrooms one bath nice size garage lots
decent but what's going to end up
happening with this property this
property is going to be completely
renovated and it was going to be square
footage add it on to the back of this
house so that's going to be the cool
part of this house so this is going to
be a complete transformation because we
have this is the back of the house from
the deck and some of the houses that are
in the neighborhood are over a half a
million dollars so that's very cool this
is the back of it from the deck area
that i want to show you again
doors okay pretty cool all good stuff
right there very cool looking at we're
probably looking at putting in about a
hundred thousand dollars into this
property to make it the way we need it
so now we're in the side door which is
the kitchen area we're coming up to
right now this is the kitchen the
kitchen will be blown out all the way
out the back door so we'll add on
another thousand square feet they're
here is the living room area right now
okay very nice for now but I'm going to
this is a before and after we just
closed down so things are locked up
pretty tight but what I'm going to show
you here I'll take you upstairs this is
looking down stairs just closed on it
this house is going to be completely
transformed into a 3,000 square foot
house right now it's 1,200 square foot
so we're going to take this house we're
going to blow it up we're going to blow
it out the back as you can see there's
the garage this is the master bedroom
now which wall in six months from now or
probably last to say in six months this
whole house would be transformed into a
30 about 3,000 square foot house that
will sell for about five hundred and
fifty thousand dollars our top investor
just perfect close down the house at 169
thousand dollars they will put in
probably about 75 to a hundred thousand
so they will make a net profit of over
two hundred thousand dollars on
so this is a really good investment it's
a lot o it's not really set up for the
new investor because there's a lot of
construction here so you got to have
some knowledge on the construction so
we're going to take a look on the
outside game looks like somebody was
messing around the door but that's okay
we'll get it all taken care of okay what
I'm going to tell you is we're going to
see back to this property after it's
completed and in the process of the
construction you're going to see how
it's done I want you to learn on how to
see how these renovations are done from
small rehabs to major renovations and
this will be a major renovation this
neighborhood is filled with this type of
construction going on right now so we
want you to see firsthand on how it's
done anybody that's part of michigan
equity partners will always know what's
the latest trends in the market what
people are doing and how to maximize the
return on their investment so with this
house the investor is going to have a
really good situation when it's
completed so with that I'm going to go
to the next property so I'll see you
there